expands information for local compilations, clarify not all recipes builds (#125)
nodejs/unofficial-builds: README.md

### Setup for local builds

On deploy, this repository is placed within a the `unofficial-builds` home directory, it is intended to operate from a subdirectory of where the assets are build, it's `$workdir` is the parent directory of wherever it is located. The `local_build.sh` script will create some directories within its `$workdir` so it's best to create a new directory for it to operate in. So the steps for local build will be in general:

* Install docker from [https://docs.docker.com](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/)
* Create the `$workdir` directory inside your home as normal user, you will have then:
  * unofficial-builds/ *(this repository, created after cloned this git, inside `$workdir`)*
  * staging/src/ *(source files for builds, will be created by `local_build.sh`)*
  * staging/`$disttype`/`$version`/ *(staging directory for builds, will be created by `local_build.sh`)*
  * .ccache/ *(ccache cache directory to speed up repeat builds, will be created by `local_build.sh`)*

> e.g. Login as normal userclone this repository using the following commands to place it within an `unofficial-builds-home` directory:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
e.g. Login as normal user and clone this repository using the following commands to place it within an `unofficial-builds-home` directory:
```

```sh
rm -fr ~/Devel/unofficial-builds-home
mkdir -p ~/Devel/unofficial-builds-home

> cd ~/Devel/unofficial-builds-home

Reviewer: I think you should ditch the `~/Deve/` prefixes here, let the user do it in cwd or edit this themselves.

Author: I did to avoid mixed files in home, most of users works not so organized .. we must promoted organization but i dont know how to promoted such thing.. what do you suggest? **this allows people to know easyle that all related files is under that path only**

Author: in fact  @rvagg  the command with such prefixed helps tp o understand to others that are not english native speaker the confusion of "homedir"

Reviewer: yeah, fair enough and you have documented it below that this is what you're doing. What stands out to me is "Devel" though, it's not a standard thing, looks macOSish, and the user is inevitably going to have to edit that. So maybe just ditch the "/Devel" from your commands and run with `~/unofficial-builds-home`.

Author: ok b eore changin.. as last attempt to defend my point, it is not a macshish but just like this Downloads, and like XDG in linux has `Public` or `Music` several subdirectories, in the original text i thought thinked i was forced to use home directly since due to language barriers you always think that it is understood very well, but the examples are essential, if even with this explanation I cannot convince you then I change it as you suggest, but i am here cos many others just get tyred of put issues with questions that canot xperess in good way.. developers always thnks have reason but we are first humans..

git clone https://github.com/nodejs/unofficial-builds
```

> In the script presented, the `$workdir` will be `~/Devel/unnofficial-builds-home` and it can be customized with a `-w <newdir>` argument to `local_build.sh`, with the limitation that this script, although they build Nodejs binaries for other platforms, the commands presented will only execute on a 64-bit Linux environment based on x86 cpus. All of those commands are running as a normal user.

Reviewer: move this explanation, or at least part of it, above the code block to explain before the user launches into copypasta and does it in a directory they don't intend.

also

```suggestion
In the script presented, the `$workdir` will be `~/Devel/unofficial-builds-home` and it can be customized with a `-w <newdir>` argument to `local_build.sh`, with the limitation that this script, although they build Nodejs binaries for other platforms, the commands presented will only execute on a 64-bit Linux environment based on x86 cpus. All of those commands are running as a normal user.
```

### Building

Once you have cloned this repository, you can build a specific recipe by running `bin/local_build.sh` with the recipe (an existing one or one you create within the `recipes/` subdirectory) name and the Node.js version you want to build. e.g. (following previous example commands)

```sh
cd ~/Devel/unofficial-builds-home/unofficial-builds
bin/local_build.sh -r musl -v v21.0.0
```

A successful build will place the source in `$workdir/staging/src/` and binaries in `$workdir/staging/release/v21.0.0/` (where `$workdir` currently is `~/Devel/unnofficial-builds-home`). All of those commands are running as a normal user.

> You must erase all dockers layers before run a new recibe. Take in considerations that not all recipes can be build in all combinations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must erase all dockers layers before run a new recibe. Take in considerations that not all recipes can be built for all versions.
```

versions is what you mean here?
